docs(swinv2): Update SwinV2 model card to new standard format (#37942)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/swinv2.md

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
        <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
    </div>
</div>

# Swin Transformer V2

> [Swin Transformer V2](https://huggingface.co/papers/2111.09883) builds upon the original Swin Transformer, focusing on scaling up model capacity and training resolution effectively. It introduces techniques like residual-post-norm combined with cosine attention for improved training stability, and a log-spaced continuous position bias to better handle varying image resolutions between pre-training and fine-tuning. These improvements enabled the training of very large models (up to 3 billion parameters) capable of processing high-resolution images, achieving state-of-the-art results on various vision benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Swin Transformer V2](https://huggingface.co/papers/2111.09883) is a 3B parameter model that focuses on how to scale a vision model to billions of parameters. It introduces techniques like residual-post-norm combined with cosine attention for improved training stability, log-spaced continuous position bias to better handle varying image resolutions between pre-training and fine-tuning, and a new pre-training method (SimMIM) to reduce the need for large amounts of labeled data. These improvements enable efficiently training very large models (up to 3 billion parameters) capable of processing high-resolution images.
```

You can find official Swin Transformer V2 checkpoints under the [Microsoft](https://huggingface.co/microsoft?search_models=swinv2) organization.

> [!TIP]

> > Click on the Swin Transformer V2 models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Swin Transformer V2 to image classification tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Click on the Swin Transformer V2 models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Swin Transformer V2 to vision tasks.
```
